[Music]
welcome to the secret headquarters of
the SES stands for small foot exist
suckas we have searched the entire
mountain and that day has finally
arrived calm down you know are you gay
it can't be true legal you will be
banished from the village until you are
ready to tell us the truth
I know what I saw I'm gonna prove it is
it too late to have second thoughts if
you die can I have all your worldly
possessions blinking right sorry when
you die let's do this
[Music]
[Applause]
is the first it's the house taking you
home
[Music]
we're gonna be safe here nice and warm
oh wait a minute what's house that night
and toasty all the way around hey what's
wrong you hungry
I found you food
[Music]